Process Groups:

Initiating
Planning
Executing
Monitoring and Controlling
Closing

Process Descriptions:

INTEGRATION MANAGEMENT
    Develop Project Charter – Authorizing the project and providing the PM with authority to use resources. (I)
    Develop Project Mgmt. Plan – Integrating subsidiary plans into a comprehensive project plan. (P)
    Direct & Manage Project Work – Performing project work and implementing approved changes. (E)
    Manage Project Knowledge – Creating and using knowledge to support the project and the organization. (E)
    Monitor & Control Project Work – Tracking and reporting project progress against the objectives. (M&C)
    Perform Integrated Change Control – Reviewing and approving change requests; communicating the decisions. (M&C)
    Close Project or Phase – Formally completing the phase or project. (C)

SCOPE MANAGEMENT
    Plan Scope Management – Documenting how scope will be defined and controlled. (P)
    Collect Requirements – Documenting stakeholder needs. (P)
    Define Scope – Developing a detailed project and product description. (P)
    Create WBS – Decomposing project work into smaller components. (P)
    Validate Scope – Formalizing acceptance of completed deliverables. (M&C)
    Control Scope – Monitoring project scope and managing changes to the scope baseline. (M&C)

SCHEDULE MANAGEMENT
    Plan Schedule Management – Documenting how the schedule will be developed and controlled. (P)
    Define Activities – Identifying the steps required to produce project deliverables. (P)
    Sequence Activities – Identifying relationships (or order) of project activities. (P)
    Estimate Activity Durations – Approximating the # of work periods needed to complete activities. (P)
    Develop Schedule – Analyzing activities sequences and estimates to create the schedule. (P)
    Control Schedule – Monitoring progress of activities and managing changes to the schedule baseline. (M&C)

COST MANAGEMENT
    Plan Cost Management – Documenting how to estimate and control project costs. (P)
    Estimate Costs – Approximating the finances needed to complete project activities. (P)
    Determine Budget – Aggregating the costs of individual activities to generate the cost baseline. (P)
    Control Costs – Monitoring project costs and managing changes to the cost baseline. (M&C)

QUALITY MANAGEMENT
    Plan Quality Management – Identifying quality requirements and documenting how to comply with them. (P)
    Manage Quality – Converting the quality management plan into actionable quality activities. (E)
    Control Quality – Monitoring outcomes of quality activities to evaluate performance. (M&C)

RESOURCE MANAGEMENT
    Plan Resource Management – Document responsibilities and create a staffing management plan. (P)
    Estimate Activity Resources – Estimating the manpower, materials, and equipment needed to complete the project. (P)
    Acquire Resources – Obtaining the manpower, materials, and equipment needed to complete the project. (E)
    Develop Team – Improving team skills and relations to enhance project performance. (E)
    Manage Team – Tracking team member performance, providing feedback, and resolving issues. (E)
    Control Resources – Monitoring planned versus actual resource usage. (M&C)

COMMUNICATIONS MANAGEMENT
    Plan Communications Management – Developing a plan for communications based on the needs of stakeholders. (P)
    Manage Communications – Creating and distributing project information. (E)
    Monitor Communications – Monitoring communications to ensure stakeholder needs are met. (M&C)

RISK MANAGEMENT
    Plan Risk Management – Defining how to conduct risk management on the project. (P)
    Identify Risks – Detecting risks that may affect the project. (P)
    Perform Qualitative Risk Analysis – Prioritizing risks by evaluating their probability and impact. (P)
    Perform Quantitative Risk Analysis – Numerically analyzing the effect of risks on project objectives. (P)
    Plan Risk Responses – Defining strategies and actions to address project risks. (P)
    Implement Risk Responses – Putting risk response plans into effect. (E)
    Monitor Risks – Tracking existing risks and identifying/analyzing new risks. (M&C)

PROCUREMENT MANAGEMENT
    Plan Procurement Management – Documenting the procurement method and identifying potential sellers. (P)
    Conduct Procurements – Collecting seller responses, choosing a seller, and awarding a contract. (E)
    Control Procurements – Managing procurement relationships and monitoring contract performance. (M&C)

STAKEHOLDER MANAGEMENT
    Identify Stakeholders – Determining who will be affected by the project and noting their involvement/impact. (I)
    Plan Stakeholder Engagement – Developing strategies to appropriately engage stakeholders during the project. (P)
    Manage Stakeholder Engagement – Communicating with stakeholders and addressing issues. (E)
    Monitor Stakeholder Engagement – Monitoring and adjusting plans for engaging stakeholders. (M&C)